First tropic:

How Internet started- Batch processing-1950. 
1957- when the server started, time-sharing. 
1960's-1980s - Birth of internet
	1. Packet switching
	2. ARPANET- Predecessor of the internet
	3. TCP/IP- Technology to develop the internet
Packet switching- Introduce by NPL
-Transmiting long messages of data
-Message is broken into sum number of parts. 

Packet Loss- portion that wasn't received by the requester. 
	- one or more packets of data traveliing across a computer network that didn't reached their destination. 


Second topic: 
How the Internet Works
	
Bulding blocks of the Internet
	7. Application
	6. Presentation (Application)
	5. Session
	
	4. Transport	(Transport)
	3. Network	(Internet)
	
	2. Data Link	
	1. Physical	(Network Interface)	

Network Interface Layer
	How devices communicate using physical medium. 

Device to Device communication
	(1)Cables = Wired connection (Lan) Ethernet, DSL, Co-axial cable, Fiber Optics 
	(2) Wifi= Wireless connection Radio Signal, Satellite, Bluetooth, Infrared

Binary = 1, 0 
Modem- Digital to analog- Modulator and Demodulator

Access point-helps to widen the range of the signal of the wifi.
	- sometimes refered as a router. 

ISP internet service provider- PLDT, Smart, Globe. 

ISP TO ISP communication, Device

Protocol -standard method

Internet Protocol = I.P ---> I.P address. Maximum 0-255.0-255.x.xx
Function:

1. Identify each device connected to the network.
2. Formatting of messages.
3. Routing of messages from source 

Format 4. seperated by periods.
	example. 
	127. = local host

Old version = IPv4 ----> IPv6

Domain Name System = Naming system that maps domain name to specific IP address. 

Application Layer 
	Activities and functions that can be perfomed using the internet. 
Internet= Platform
WWW= Application

Client= a computer that connects to ad uses the resources of a remote computer, or server. 
	-could be hardware-software
	-Browser= Client requesting data from another server
Server- a computer desgined to process request and deliver data to other client over a local network or .. . 

URL- Address (Uniform resource locator)

Web servers- most of the time is not hardware, they are applications

How Websites are Created. 









	